Improve contribution doc (#1519)
Azure/Azure-Verified-Modules: docs/content/specs-defs/specs/shared/_index.md

- Bicep: `enableTelemetry`
- Terraform: `enable_telemetry`

{{< hint type=note >}}

> Whenever a module uses another module (e.g. in a pattern module), the parameter must be passed to the other modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a module references AVM modules that implement the telemetry parameter (e.g., a pattern module that uses AVM resource modules), the telemetry parameter value **must** be passed through to these modules. This is necessary to ensure a consumer can reliably enable & disable the telemetry feature for all used modules.
```

{{< hint type=note >}}

> Whenever a module references AVM modules that implement the telemetry parameter (e.g., a pattern module that uses AVM resource modules), the telemetry parameter value **must** be passed through to these modules. This is necessary to ensure a consumer can reliably enable & disable the telemetry feature for all used modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever a module references AVM modules that implement the telemetry parameter (e.g., a pattern module that uses AVM resource modules), the telemetry parameter value **MUST** be passed through to these modules. This is necessary to ensure a consumer can reliably enable & disable the telemetry feature for all used modules.
```
